Add a 'preview' command that lets you preview your submission before a bust starts (#167)
anoadragon453/busty: README.md

The expected flow for running a bust is:

- Users submit songs into a channel.
- All users join a voice channel or stage.
- An admin runs `!list` to list all submitted songs and the order they will be played in.
- An admin runs `!bust` to start the show. The bot will join the channel and begin playing songs in the order they were submitted.
- Users comment on songs while they play.
- An admin can run `!skip` at any time to skip the current song, or `!stop` to manually stop the show.

> - Once the last song has played, the bot will post a concluding message and leave the call.

Author: VSCode keeps converting these on save

Reviewer: heh, you can turn this off by disabling the "Format on save" option in VSCode's preferences btw.

### Command Reference

1. `/list [<channel>]` - Download and list all media sent in the current text channel. Specifying a channel will cause songs to be pulled from that channel instead. This must be run before `/bust`.
1. `/bust [<song #>]` - Join the vc/stage that the user who ran this command is currently in, and plays the tracks in the channel in order. The user must be in a vc or stage for this to work. Specifying a song index will skip to that index before playing.
1. `/info` - Show some statistics about currently listed songs.

> 1. `/preview [<attachment>] [<submit_message>]` - Show a preview of a file's artist, title and artwork.

Reviewer 2: There should probably be some indication that [<submit_message>] is optional like in the description for the /list command, though maybe we should eventually add a different notation for this

Reviewer: In the notation we currently have (and it standard across cli tools to the best of my knowledge) `[]` indicate an optional argument.

So in fact in this case the surrounding `[]`'s should be removed from `<attachment>`, since it is a required argument.

Reviewer 2: In our current notation we seem to just use `[<arg>]` for all arguments, though I agree that the `[]` should be removed for non-optional ones. See the `\image url <url>` command etc where `url` is not optional. I also just noticed that the `\image view` and `\image clear` commands are listed as having arguments, which is just false lol

> 1. `/preview <attachment> [<submit_message>]` - Show a preview of a file's artist, title and artwork.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `/preview <attachment> [<submit_message>]` - Show a preview of the attachment's artist, title and artwork.
```
